both under for network news and here we
have something very exciting this is the
samsung galaxy tab 2 10.1 don't we have
a template when you would notice a few
different to different aspects right you
can see their speakers here on the front
those are the most visible ones right
here because he's heard the same kind of
amazing display very very quick this is
running ice cream sir mckendrick's
Pocoyo which is why we probably haven't
seen the 10.1 have the upgrade when a
suit has already done there now if you
take a quick look at the second that's a
1 gigahertz dual-core processor a 3
megapixel camera Phoebe on the back
that's bolted it weakens playback and
why don't we find that here so there we
go let's take a look at this in full
action
yes very nice continue to collect around
the tablet around the top care I move my
hands you can see there we have a new
card slot there is a port for your
headphones we have a micro SD card
there's the volume rocker and the power
button as we keep on going around the
problem you have nothing on the set only
the power and dozen states on the bottom
we said we have nothing drinking a look
at the back it has the same kind of non
glossy finish that we love you don't see
any kind of fingerprints on it now just
to get a quick look the video is still
going what if we get inside here and
then we will quickly take a look at the
settings
what exactly is going on so this is
running Android 4.3 and this is easy to
5 100 yeah this is a quick look at the
new Samsung Galaxy Tabs 10-2 i am the
Gold Cup enough America tablets